worried we're still waiting ah finally
oh shit
okay so this are the tank heads-up
display looks like first we need to
locate and destroy Skynet anti-aircraft
charts how you planning to do that these
plasma cannons will rip through just
about anything Skynet can throw at us
this is also the Gatling gun
I play that to Gatling guns
kid even hit these fucking things
it's nuns don't even do anything fuck
there's one of the anti-aircraft turret
oh my god is shooting at me
got it way to go Connor
you're taking heavy damage
god damn he's fucking tease overheat
like mad quick
careful dawn you're getting pounded
so I gotta learn the alternate between
them that's going to be the trick
the fuck there's nothing left
what are we waiting for oh I didn't
fucking see this thing are you kidding
I didn't even know that thing was there
man that sucks i lost about seventy five
percent of my health actually two more
than seventy five percent i think
there's another Jarrett
now you fuckface come on die careful
John you can take more damage good work
on it you're messing it up
I can't good name down
there's another one with the fuck
wow I'm really fuck that no life
whatsoever
that's not even healing me look
I got a tiny bit of healthy back this is
Connor can you hear me yeah yeah you're
in a bunch of my to Connors an you sure
is should be at your coordinates shortly
sit tight
Connor take out that t6 under it
I'm dead I'm completely fuck
I got a hundred things attacking me at
once this is nice i had a hundred things
attacking me and my third fucking over
he mad fast great and i have to start
from the beginning watch i got no it's
not going to acknowledge i blew up those
two sites we have to start completely
over but at least I get to see this I've
actually seen that face longer than i
cain't gameplay I think Oh what do you
know actually do it to continue David
this is Connor can you hear me or not
you're a bunch of vitac honor that you
sure is yeah it should be out of your
coordinates shortly sit tight
connor another jar
Connor take out that t6 under it
you're taking heavy damage
careful John you're getting down asshole
there we go
good work Connor that looks like it did
some damage careful John you can take
much more damage shut up
the game just like careful John you're
sucking your sucking your horrible John
I really need that encouragement
oh my god the friends like these who
needs enemies
the local fucking moped Ganassi is going
by the house yeah cool we bought
thousand-dollar mopeds and we drive up
and down suburbian roads we're hardcore
oh I get to continue again that's good
tanks taking too much damage we won't
make it to all the turrets and what are
you going to do we'll have to go in on
foot find a way inside Central Command
tango mating turns off light another way
on foot we don't have a lot of options
you're taking heavy damage shut up any
more of those turrets maybe a few but
this thing's falling apart
destroyed that one where's the next one
careful dawn you're getting pounded
die yes I got all four sites please
leave your best man who go in get our
guys out and then get those ads I
aircraft guns offline Jones Washington's
orders go with Connor the rest of you
fan on the rest of you from yourself we
need to ensure cutter and his squad
makes it inside because if they don't
get these turrets down all of us are in
a world of hurt hey Connor good luck
ooh 80 gamer points hahahaha